What do you want to do?
Are you still compatible with me?
Didn't we shake hands and make peace long ago?
What about fit?
Then why?
Why do you keep trying to push me away and be reasonable?
Do you not like me anymore?
What's the use of Wang En saying this now?
When you hit my board regardless of the blackboard
Knowing that Zijin Tang is highly toxic
You want to force me to submit
In order to maintain Chu Mingcui
When you took me to take the blame
Have you ever thought about today?
I'm not a masochist
Why should I like someone who used to be like this?
People who treat me
Do you think I'm crazy?
It's all my fault
I don't know why.
More and more concerned about you
More and more heart than you
As if I were begging you
Give me another chance to make amends, okay?
No, now that the world is done
Then it cannot be converted.
If the prince still has to work so hard
Then wait until King Huai is cured
I report to the emperor, please be reasonable
Oh, please forgive me.
Yuan Qingling has won Brother Hao's favor, are you very proud?
But you're still too proud